I have never met you and your empress,
Have you seen it?
What did the teacher eat?
Talk to your empress, the time particle poisoning has cut off time now,
I haven't even had the chance to escape yet,
Let her check briefly to see if there are any shoelaces or food on her body?
Please take a look and you will be able to eat something,
Mother told me, I will give you the snacks,
If she can't eat my snacks, how could she be so serious?
Come, give it to our work area,
Careful search and shooting, better than false Hugh Zhao came out!
Mother and queen, sons and ministers to ten younger brothers,
Wrong snack,
Are you guilty of this?
I didn't say that to you
You ate snacks for the teacher and got beaten up
If you don’t call me sister quickly, it’s not good to call her out.
And this one actually ate dim sum
But no poison
Everyone else follows the rules
Just go against the rules and bring some snacks in.
Who else but you